# FindTypos
**FindTypos** is a script used to read a file and find typos made in this file. the output of the program is a line where error is made, position on the line where error is made, and finally it outputs errors found in the file. This program uses 2 functions. the 1st one is **FindFile**. The purpose of this function is to fetch all of the files stored in a certain location. The 2nd function is **ErrorsInFile**. It is used to read files and find typos in them. Typos are stored in an array, and when the file is read by the program and values are found in a file, they are then output by the program.   
# VersionsOfLibrary
**VersionsOfLibrary** is a script used to get all of the dll files located on the path. It is able to get the file name, product version, and file fullname. If a file contains can be accessed with more than 1 path, the program outputs different fullname for the same file. If the file has different versions, different versions are in output. This prrogram uses **FindFiles** function to fetch all files stroed on a location.

# Tests
**Tests** are written for both **ErrorsInFiles** and **FindFiles** functions. These tests call the function and test them on a test files. Then test files compare the results with the expected results and the data from the actual output. If the data from the output is the same as the data expected, then it outputs that test is passed. However if the data from the output is not the same as the data expected the test states that the test failed.    

# CompareLibraries
This script is used for gettting data about libraries in a folder. It is able to find if a file is located in a dictionary, but isn't in a json file. It is also able to write output for the case if the version of library in a dictionary is different to the library in a json file.  